presents the new color combination
of the panther oxygen with tradition of
Christmas 2012-2013
the aussie / yen pantel has been the glove
most successful of this collection so
we have so decided not to do any
functional improvement only changes of
color to offer you a collection
different the keys to this success are
mainly the level of armed
glove the level of armed is achieved
with all the technologies incorporate 2
main as you can see in the image
is the dual core window that is in the
center of the glove is a rubber window
very light and thin but that has a
small elastic component and that's going to
contribute to putting the glove together
Once this glove since that
elastic component make it not
uncomfortable will not allow to notice the hand
more protected
The rest of the material on the back is a
synthetic latex as we can see also
has a thickness is higher than average
we can see it in these hard areas that
can not be done is a palm of the
surplus more maximums that we are
the rest of the body of the tissue of the
base also moves in the cuts of
the fingers and on the thumb of tissues
months has an average armed level and what
that has allowed us to ventilate the
inside of the hand is to say both casal
also like the glove after a
much prolonged
if we go to the palm zone we can
see that it's a mid-range latex being
the glove and with and we always assemble the
an immense palm is the grammy palm
is the goalkeepers with medium grip and a
duration so volume the reason why
gloves come out and so and are so sensitive
like the high-end gloves with for
machinery the chosen cut is the cut
of the finger yes let's make a glove
armed and cutting the fingers of more
suitable to get the feeling a
of the units that we introduce in
summer the crankcase and not many then the
angular finish after the top of
the fingers
we increase the surface area of
latex in this area of the buds that at
final are the parties most involved in
the link
if we put endurance laterally
we can see that it has cutting and bending
a claw shape that is the action
correct technique of the bad room and
also in the area of maximum voltage of
the palm the area by abc over breaks the
glove we have introduced this earring
steel that you can see gray and the
stent and very elastic and has allowed
any aggressive action that you do with
The palm placement clear the glove
us in this area
if we go to the classic wristband it's
say the elastic with two points of
Velcro fastening and a closing strip
a little bit wider than usual for
get fix in the best way
possible the glove to your